Jon Newman
2013.06
Notes on PuggleBoard v1.0 board assembly

X1. The M84 trimpot is a side adjust. I think I wanted a top adjust. Also, the pads could be extended out a bit to improve solderability.

2. The polygon shapes used for low impedance paths to bypass capacitors are often wider than the solder pads for chips, and make the pads all misshapen. It would be better if I just used standard wires of increasing length to get to bypass caps.

X3. The 2X3 jumper header does not fit. Need to get 2 1X3 headers

4. The 3 pin external power header is a right angle, but the current design needs a vertical 1X3 header.

5. BOM seems to be missing 1X2 jumper header

6. All jumper headers are too high - prevents putting a second cape on top of the puggleboard.

7. 5X2 right angle header needs to be moved closer to the edge of the board.

8. Ethernet cutout can be made a bit tighter on the top part.

9. There is a miswiring in the VREF/VBIAS circuit. Here is the explanation and fix

 - The AD8032 buffers VREF_PRE
 - The output of the ADA8032 is passed through an RC LPF to smooth the voltage reference (VREF)
 - VREF is then split to feed to DACs and pushed through the trimpot to get VBIAS = 0.5 VREF
 - VREF's LFP and the trimpot form a voltage divider, which reduces VREF. The input to the trimpot must instead come directly from the output of the AD8032.

X10. The negative LDO (MAX1795) is unstable
  
 - Using the recommended values for in and out caps, still I see osscillation, which is coupled into ground plane and +4.5 V rail
 - Seems that adding 10 uF ceramic (X5R) cap in parrallel with input cap (c34) gets rid of osscilation.
 - For the in/out caps on the regulator cicuitry, use a larger SMD pad. This will ensure you can get a cap with the capacitance and ESR you want even if you have to make it quite high capacitance. 0805 or larger. The keepout areas in eagle are overly aggressive so they can overlay a bit.

11. In general, the LDOs on the board are not low noise enough for our application. They should be switched for a lower noise solution

 - While we are at it, if the LDOs are tunable, try to bring their regulated voltage as close to 5V as possible. E.g. 4.7 V. This will make sure the ADC/DAC's remain linear within the 4.096 V ref range.

12. Both the DAC and ADC can share a single clock line, instead of having their own. Thats the whole point of CS!

13. Some of the caps (e.g. c18,c19) are missing silkscreen values on the board.

14. In general silkscreen text is too thin/small. Try to make bigger if possible, and at least, thicker.

13. It looks like the DAC's LDAC line is held high with no digital manipulation allowed. This seems to imply a conversion can never be loaded into the output register. Why is this line
 
  - Not pulled down (instead of up)
  - Not on the SPI bus instead of SDO which seems useless
  
X14. It looks like the RESETSEL pin on the DAC is set incorrectly. You want the outputs to reset to midscale, not zero (which would be pulled to the negative rail). This requires that RESETSEL is high.
  
15. Replace 8XOPA365 with 2XOPA209. Replace 10 k resistors with 680 ohms. 

X16. Replace ADC input filters with R = 100 Ohm and C = 1 nF.

17. We only need a single SPI bus. By having two, we are ignoring the CS functionality. With 4 channels, there is no need for two. When using the intan chip, two busses may be nessesary.

18. Can we pipe out some bits of GPIO now that we have freed and SPI bus?

X19. The EEPROM circuit has to many available addresses. Changed the DIP to 2X and tie A2 high. Also, use a groundable test-point for the WP pin instead of a bulky jumper.

20. The switching power supply is leaking into the analog I/O of the system. Resulting in +-50 mV transients. Is there any way to reduce this? Can the power circuit have its own ground plane, for instance, to isolate the switching component from the LDOs? Also, are the LDOs working properly?

21. The ground plane under the switching regulator should likely be removed and replaced with traces that mirror its supply paths. This will divert currents injected into analog ground plane. Also, a EMI filter solution should be placed between the output of the swithcing supply and the ldo?

22. The DGND connection on the ADC and DAC does note nessesary go to DGND for the board. This depends on the size of the internal currents for these ICs. Look at the pdf on AGND/DGND and the data sheets to confirm that you are doing this right.


